It was Wednesday morning and Alyssa's husband was in the shower furiously jacking his dick imagining what might have taken place yesterday. They didn't talk about it last night because Alyssa said she was tired and would tell him about it in the morning. His mind ran wild all day at work yesterday thinking about what her wife might be up to at home with their brother-in-law and his massive cock. She had told him about Monday when she had helped him decide if his dick was too big for his underwear which ended up with her accidentally jacking him off while she was trying to feel the fabric and later led to him inadvertently jerking off with her feet while he was trying to giver her a foot massage as a thank you for her "help" with the underwear. Both of these sexual mishaps ended up with his wife covered in Nick's cum, which according to her, was a lot. Her husband snapped back into reality when he heard the bathroom door open. Alyssa had come in to pee and as she lifted the toilet seat her husband spoke.

"Good morning!" he announced.

"Good morning." she replied, groggily.

"So, what are your plans today?" he asked.

"I'm not sure.. probably just hanging out with Nick again." she said, her voice shaking slightly thinking about what that might involve.

"What did you guys get up to yesterday?" he asked as he resumed stroking his dick.

"Ohhh... ya' know... just hung out..." she said, thinking about how Nick's thick dick hangs so perfectly.

"Did he wear his underwear around the house again?" he prodded.

"Yeah... mostly.." she replied, thinking about his naked physique.

"Oh? Did he have to take them off again or something?" he asked, wanting to hear more.

"Yeah... he came in them again..." she admitted.

"How did that happen?" he asked as he stroked himself.

"Well, he was giving me a massage... and it just kind of went off.." she explained as though she were talking about an explosion from a gun.

"It went off?" he pushed.

"Yeah, he was sitting on top of me... you know... to massage my back..." she paused.

"And..?" he grasped for context.

"Well... like I said yesterday... his dick is just so big that he can't help where he puts it... so his package was on my butt..." she stopped there hoping her husband would understand.

The image in his mind was an erotic fantasy newly unlocked for him. He had to know more.

"Ok... well... I guess that makes sense..." he reassured her he wasn't upset.

"Yeah! Right? So anyway, his huge package was on my butt, so eveytime he leaned forward to reach my shoulders he was accidentally rubbing his big dick all over my butt..." she said shyly.

"So that's when he came? When he was rubbing your shoulders?" he asked, about to cum himself.

"Well, no... he had moved down to my massaging my butt actually by then..." she admitted hesitantly.

"Oh.. he massaged your butt too?" he asked, imagining Nick squeezing his wife's ass.

"Yeah... it just kind of happened that way... it all felt so good that I just kept asking him to go lower until he was finally at my butt.." she explained to him.

"Did you enjoy it?" he gulped.

"Yeah! It honestly felt great! I really needed it, I guess!" she said, relieved to have not upset him.

"So, that's when he came?" her husband asked wanting to hear about it.

"Well... I could tell that he was trying to do a good job because he was trying really hard reach his fingers under my shorts to get his hands on my butt better... so I told him he could just move them out of the way if he wanted to... and so he pulled them down..." she said nervously.

"He pulled your shorts down? So you were just in your underwear for him?" he asked, his voice cracking.

"Yeah, he was just trying to do a good job." she said reassuringly.

"Sounds like it." he said jacking off quicker now. "So did he cum while he was squeezing your ass?" he asked in a mildly dirty way, realizing his tone only as it left his mouth.

"Yeah... I mean I can't really blame him I guess. His huge balls are always so full of cum and his big dick was accidentally humping my nearly naked butt as he squeezed it..." she said, getting very turned on remembering the moment.

Her husband was furiously jerking his cock as she continued to speak.

"He even tried to apologize for his huge dick being so hard in my butt, but I told him that it was ok since it's so big and let him know that I didn't mind if he puts his big hard dick in my butt if he needs to... and that's when he came."

"UUGGGHHH" came her husbands voice from the shower as he came himself from her story.

"Are you ok?" she asked.

"Uhh.. yeah... I just... the water temp changed... got really hot.." he stumbled over his lie.

"Oh, I wonder if Nick got in the shower upstairs." she thought aloud.

"Maybe..." he replied, relieved she bought the fib.

"Want me to go check?" she asked. " I could tell him to turn it off." she offered, wanting badly to go upstairs and see his dripping wet naked body.

Her husband loved how willing she was to go check on their naked guest. She had seen him naked plenty since he had been here after all and he was certain that today wouldn't be any different.

"No, it's ok. I'm done anyway." he said looking at his deflated cock.

There was more he wanted to hear about their day yesterday, so he shut off the water, grabbed a towel, and stepped out. Alyssa was brushing her teeth as he opened the curtain. His eyes went straight to her bubble butt jiggling enticingly in her underwear. He thought about Nick squeezing and humping it.

"So... he came on your butt?" he asked as he watched it jiggle.

"Yeah...he just cums so much." she said spitting out her toothpaste. "It totally soaked through his underwear again."

"So.. did you tell him to take them off for you again? So you could wash them?" he asked.

"Of course! He's our guest!" she said defensively.

"So I guess you both needed to get cleaned up after that huh? He must've got it all over you?" he asked, wanting to hear more about Nick cumming on his wife's panty clad ass.

"Yeah... he came soooo much... it was all over my butt and legs... he totally soaked my underwear in his cum..." she told him as she grew wetter.

"Jesus!" he exclaimed. "Did you give him first dibs on the shower?" he asked, hoping it was Nick who went first so his wife had to wait, with her body coated in another mans cum.

"Well... actually it was just his dick and balls that were covered in cum, so he didn't really need a shower..." she left it at that.

"So what? He just didn't wash it off?" he asked, confused.

"No... I did..." she admitted.

"Well, of course you did after him cumming all over your ass like that, I just can't believe he didn't.." he started before she cut him off.

"No. I mean, I cleaned him." she nervously spoke.

"What? You cleaned him?" he asked as his heart jumped.

"Yeah... he's our guest and he was so nice to offer me a massage... I wanted to return the favor... so I offered to wash his big dick for him..." she said, hanging her head.

Her husband's head was about to explode. He couldn't believe what she was saying.

"What do you mean?!" he asked frantically.

"Well, I just got a washcloth and cleaned his dick and balls for him." she stated plainly.

"Ummm..." her husband searched for words.

"Is that ok?" she asked hopeful.

"I guess..? Can you tell me about how that went down?" he asked with trepadation.

"Well, it wasn't weird or anything, I just got the washcloth wet and sat on the floor between his spread out legs and rubbed it all over his big dick, it's so huge though.... It was way bigger than the washcloth so I kind of had to wash it in two sections. Plus his enormous balls are so heavy that I had to hold them so they didn't hurt while they bounced around as I stroked him." she remembered.

"Stroked him?" he asked getting hard again.

"Yeah, with the washcloth." she replied.

"Wow. I bet he loved that..." her husband said, playing it out in his head.

"Yeah, he couldn't believe that I was willing to do it for him. He actually got really hard again... it's so insanely gigantic when it's hard.. it took a long time to clean the whole thing... he said he could really get used to someone servicing his big dick like that for him... So, I kind of offered to wash it for him anytime he wants..." she couldn't believe she was divulging so much, but the more she told her husband the less guilty she felt.

"Oh God!" he exlaimed. "What did he say?

"He said he would definitely take me up on it. He's so sweet. He made sure I was enjoying myself and asked me if I liked doing it." she told him.

"And did you?" he asked.

"Of course I did! I told him that I love helping him with all his big dick problems and it was my pleasure to wash it for him! Plus, he's our guest after all!" she reminded her husband.

"That's true. How long did you spend washing his hard dick?" he asked in a daze.

"Until he came." she said matter of factly.

"He came again?!" he gasped.

"Yeah, but he told me he was going to cum again.... his dick was SO hard... it was ENORMOUS...and I could tell he really needed it, so I told him it was ok. That's when he blew another massive load all over the place. It went everywhere, all over the living room, my body, my face, all over me really... it was just as much as the first time!" she said remembering the incredible event.

"Holy fuck! He came on you twice yesterday too?!" he asked, his head spinning.

"Well, three times actually..." she said sheepishly.

"What was the third time?" he asked hiding the tent in his towel.

"Well, after I cleaned him, he offered to return the favor and clean me. So, he had me take off my underwear and bend over the couch and he cleaned me all up too. Isn't that nice of him?" she asked cheerfully.

"He made you take off your underwear and bend over for him?" he asked, shocked.

"Well, yeah. He cleaned all his cum out of my butt for me since I couldn't see." she said matter of factly.

"Oh my God! How long were you bent over like that, totally exposed?" he asked, getting light headed.

"I'm not sure... he spent quite awhile making sure I was clean... maybe 15 minutes?" she shrugged.

"Wow." he responded, not knowing what to say.

"Yeah, it was really nice of him, don't you think?" she asked.

"Sure.... I guess if you didn't mind.. I mean.. if you liked it..." he stumbled.

"Not at all... I really liked it a lot... I... actually accidently came..." she said slightly embarrassed.

"He made you cum?" he asked, feeling a little deflated.

"Yeah... it was totally an accident. I didn't mean to... it just felt so good... I couldn't hep it." she admitted.

"Wow." was the only response.

"Yeah, after that I definitely needed a shower." she told him. "So did he."

"Sounds like a crazy day.." he said, trying to not show his intrigue. "So, you came on his hands I guess? Like he came on yours Monday?"

"Well, actually I came on his face." she said.

"Oh, he had his face down there?" he inquired, imagining his brother-in-law taking advantage of his botomless wife.

"Yeah, that's why he got hard again." she replied.

"Oh wow! He got hard from it?" he asked, feigning surprise.

"Oh yeah! VERY hard. He said having my naked ass and pussy in his face made him hard again. I felt guilty about about making his big dick so hard again, so I told him he could jack off if he needed to... and since it was my fault and I was still covered in his cum anyway.... I told him to just jack off on me while I knelt in front of him." she told him like there was nothing wrong with it.

"You told him to jack off onto you?!" he asked about to pass out.

"Yeah, I felt responsible for his giant hard on so when he asked me if I wanted him to cum on me, I told him I did... and so... well.. he did!" she told him.

"You told him you WANTED him to cum on you?!" he asked, gobsmacked.

"Well, of course I did! Why would I say no? I was already completely covered in his cum after all and I knew it was my responsibility to help him take care of his big hard dick, so I had him blast me again with another massive load instead of inconveniencing him and making him cum on something else. I owed it to him." she reasoned.

"Wow... this is a lot to hear.." her husband breathed heavily.

"Are you ok? You look like you're about to pass out." she asked, checking his head for a fever.

"I'm fine... just a lot to take in.." he reassured her.

"So, you're not mad about any of it?" she asked hopefully.

"I guess not... it sounds like it was all an accident... except for him jacking off on you... but you said he realy needed it and I guess it WOULD be rude to make him feel ashamed about it... especially since it WAS YOU that made him so hard.." he told her.

"Exactly! And you don't mind if I keep helping him with his big dick? You know, washing it for him and stuff like that?" she asked for clarification.

"No... that's fine. You're just being a good host..." he relented to the erection under his towel.

"Oh good because he really likes it when I help him!"

"I bet he does.." he trailed off into his head.

"And he can jack off whenever and wherever he wants?" she asked excitedly.

"Sure, I guess.." he relented.

"Even on me?" she asked hopefully.

"I guess so... if it's ok with you, it's ok with me.." he said ashamed.

"That's great to hear! I can't wait to tell him!" she exclaimed.

"Uh-huh..." her husband replied, loosing control of his home and submitting his wife to another man.

He took care of his erection and went to work, leaving his wife home alone with Nick and his giant cock.

Nick walked downstairs in his underwear, sporting another massive bulge for his sister in law. Alyssa turned around wearing only another pair of cotton shorts, light blue, and a tiny white crop top that fell just below her perky tits. Her big, round ass popping out from her body like a bubble about to burst. She looked down at Nick's huge package and was dissapointed to see it contained.

"You can take those off. My husband already left for work." she encouraged him.

"Ok, if you're sure..!" he said with a smirk.

"Of course I am! You're our guest, please take your underwear off. I told you, I want you totally naked all day for me.. I mean.. with me." she strongly suggested.

"Ok" he said as he slid them off his body. "That better?" he asked.

Alyssa watched his beautiful dick come into view. Even flacid it was bigger than her husband was erect.

"Yes, much better!" she said marveling at his giant cock and massive balls. "Now, is there anything that I can help you with today?" she asked, staring at his giant cock, her mouth watering.

"What do you mean?" he asked, his interest fully peaked.

"Well, do you have any big dick problems that you need my help with? Is there anything that your big dick needs?" she asked him lustfully causing his cock to grow.

Well... actually now that you mention it.." he started.

Alyssa noticed his cock was swelling as she stared at it and it had begun twitching and bobbing as they spoke.

"Oh! You're getting hard! Do you need to jack off?" she asked excited, smiling.

"Yeah, I do." he replied smirking.

"Ok, great!" she replied as she got down on her knees. "You can use me as your cumrag again!" she beemed up at him.

"Is that what you want?" he asked as he touched her face.

"More than anything! I'm so fascinated by how much you cum. Your huge balls look so full right now too!" she marvled.

"They are. Are you sure you want me to cum on you? It going to be a lot more this time. You'll probably get completely covered." he warned her as he started stroking his cock.

"That sounds perfect! I mean it when I say that I want to experience everything your big dick can do and that DEFINITELY includes how much you can cum. It was amazing how much you came on me yesterday. I can't wait to experience even more cum!" she told him as she watched his muscular arm jerking his giant cock.

"Mmmm... I'm so glad you're so interested... you really want my cum all over you don't you? he asked his submissive cumrag.

"Yesss... I can't wait to feel all your hot cum all over me... please show me how much your big dick can cum..." she begged as she leaned closer.

"Mmmm... fuck yeah... are you ready? Are you ready to be a my cumrag?" he asked as he jacked faster.

"Yes! God yes! Cum all over me! Use me as your a cumrag! I can't wait!" she said with excitement.

Nick was jacking his giant cock furiously for his sister-in-law. Pulling his thick meat over and over in his grip.

"Ooohhh... you're about to get fuckin' covered..." he told her as his hard cock pulsed.

"Oh God, I'm so excited! Please blow a massive load aalllll oveerrrr mmeeeee.... I want you to cover me in cum... Please cover me in cum!" she shouted in anticipation.

"OOOHHH FUUUCCCKKK YYYEEAAAHHHH!!!!" Nick yelled as his enormous cock head burst a giant blast of cum across Alyssa's waiting face with an audible 'shplot' sound.

Alyssa was so astonished that she had been struck with such force she ghasped and caught another huge blast across her open mouth. She coughed and choked on the large sticky load and couldn't catch her breath because they just kept coming. Large globs of hot cum gushing all over her face, spurting into her open, coughing mouth, coating her entire body in hot white splashes.

"Fuck yeahhhh..." Nick let out as his huge cock slowed the pace of it's torrent on Alyssa's cum drenched body.

His cock continued to spurt for a few seconds and then he stepped forward to squeeze the last bit of cum out of his softening cock and onto Alyssa's glazed, dazed face.

"Mmmm.. fuucckkk... thanks for that." he said shaking the last drop off his cock.

"Uuuhhh... uummmm.. yyeaahh.. uhhh... thank yoouuuu.." she replied slowly forming a smile like she awoke from a dream.

"For what?" he asked smirking.

"For letting me be your cumrag... that was innccreediblle... sooo much cummmm.... so amazziinnggg... YOU'RE so ammaazzingg..." she fawned over him.

"Did you get some in your mouth?" he asked.

"Yeahhh... quite a bit..." she admitted, gulping.

"Oh sorry." he offered, knowing he didn't need to.

"No need to appologize! It's totally fine with me.." she assured him.

"You don't mind if I cum in your mouth?" he asked as he took his dick in his hand.

"Not at all... it's ok... you can cum in my mouth as much as you want to... I mean... if you need to cum.. and my mouth is open... it makes sense that you might cum in it sometimes..." she said embarrassed.

"Well, sorry if it was too much cum for you to swallow then. I heard you choking on my load." he told her, smirking.

"No! It's ok! I know you didn't mean to. It was my fault for opening my mouth without being ready for it. I was just so shocked at how powerful your huge cock cums! It blasted me so hard! Your big, manly dick is so impressive.. more than I'm used to... thank you so much for letting me experience it..." she said shyly.

"Well, ok. Then, you're welcome... I just wish you were around for me to cum on you more often..." he told her.

"Well, I'm always available for you.. whatever you need.. even if you need a something in the middle of the night.. just send me a text and I'll come up there and be your cumrag or help you with whatever you need..." she assured him.

"Well, at least let me repay the favor. Maybe another massage?" he offered.

"YES PLEASE!! That would feel GREAT!" she replied.

"Ok then. Take your shorts off and get on the floor." he ordered.

Alyssa did as she was told. She pulled her shorts down to reveal only a tiny purple g-string that dissapeared into the deep cavern of her incredible ass. Her big round cheeks bounced beautifully with each step as she strode into the living room, to take her position on the floor. Nick's massive cock was already getting hard again by the time she laid down. He walked over to her, his giant rigid cock bouncing like a diving board in front of him. Alyssa turned around and her heart jumped before she spoke.